README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
The Software Engineer Showcaser
</h1>

<h4 align="center">My humble attempt at creating a modern but simple app that enables software engineers to showcase their skills and experience.</h4>
<br>
<div align="center">

![Build and Deploy to Github Pages](https://github.com/arabyalhomsi/the-software-engineer-showcaser/actions/workflows/deploy-github-pages.yml/badge.svg)

</div>
<p align="center">
  <a href="#key-features">Key Features</a> •
  <a href="#key-features">Architectural Considerations</a> •
  <a href="#how-to-use">How To Use</a> •
  <a href="#credits">Credits</a> •
  <a href="#license">License</a>
</p>

![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/arabyalhomsi/the-software-engineer-showcaser/main/public/assets/images/screenshot.png)

## Credits

- Heavily inspired by <a href="https://gitlab.com/nfriend/nuxt-resume">Nathan Friend's Nuxt Resume</a>
- CV template inspired by <a href="https://github.com/dnl-blkv/mcdowell-cv">McDowell CV</a>
- Bootstrap icons

## License

MIT

---

Commit message:

feat: add Key Features to readme.md

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
The Software Engineer Showcaser
</h1>

<h4 align="center">My humble attempt at creating a modern but simple app that enables software engineers to showcase their skills and experience. Uses <code>vite-plugin-ssr</code></h4> 
<br>
<div align="center">

![Build and Deploy to Github Pages](https://github.com/arabyalhomsi/the-software-engineer-showcaser/actions/workflows/deploy-github-pages.yml/badge.svg)

</div>
<p align="center">
  <a href="#key-features">Key Features</a> •
  <a href="#key-features">Architectural Considerations</a> •
  <a href="#how-to-use">How To Use</a> •
  <a href="#credits">Credits</a> •
  <a href="#license">License</a>
</p>

![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/arabyalhomsi/the-software-engineer-showcaser/main/public/assets/images/screenshot.png)

## Key features

- Prints to a normal pdf CV using any browser and platform (ctrl+p, cmd+p, Android, iPhone).
- Easily adjustable through the resume.json file.
- Modular structure so you can add new section or modify existing section with basic knowledge of React.
- Completely prerendered: You can host it on Github Pages for free.
- Loads in 0.2s on PC and 0.9s on mobile.
- Responsive on all devices.

## Credits

- Heavily inspired by <a href="https://gitlab.com/nfriend/nuxt-resume">Nathan Friend's Nuxt Resume</a>
- CV template inspired by <a href="https://github.com/dnl-blkv/mcdowell-cv">McDowell CV</a>
- Icons by [Bootstrap Icons](https://icons.getbootstrap.com/)

## License

All info in resume.json belongs to Arabi Alhumsi and may not used in anyway without my permission. All the other files follow the [MIT license](https://github.com/arabyalhomsi/the-software-engineer-showcaser/blob/main/license)
